hi friends today we are at the wedding here
newlyweds but half an hour decided to come
self order and so I tell you today
I want to tell you why because a picture is not
maybe you go one hundred why it costs more
than taking a photo twice three times
in fact, it’s not easy for
I want to show you how much
equipment and take it with you so you
you understand we are shooting from two cameras
at least sometimes from three cameras therefore all
long shot on two cameras 8 a 8
tripod manfrotto with 501 head we carry
I am not really a monopod
I love monopod because you can
only reportage artwork I pay us
remove fundamentally here though many
take off and many like this one
picture and multiplied by the rolling shutter
it makes me so unpleasant
feeling then another tripod
interesting thing she's akiva floor
zacuto tactic shooter who stands there
several hundred dollars and fruit even
maybe it's a pen from a movie camera
Krasnogorsk Austria on which stands
quickly all my playground manfrotto is very
handy thing we used to take off the rig
in bulky and uncomfortable and in winter it does not
very convenient to shoot if you can shoot
who quickly reportage to took set
top camera and ran folded where not
need very compact and good
stabilizes especially if you dogs in
composition
aesthetics of the car and our little yours
channel
flooded with more problems
we take out his put tick and
look amerikosy parties schedule this here
our backpack he is one dollar right for
450 is the largest backpack ever.
which I know everything that I saw
in general i ordered it i would order with
one sole purpose not to carry with
a two pack 3 pack that we
everything all Brudno which we use to
a wedding with one shooting was in one
here I open it here we see
what we have here and so here we have one
camera 6d it so happened that
we have a 7d working chamber we shoot and
the circle here is actually our device mulia
containers 70200 28 here we have lenses
grains brother this fish it sigma 1750
with stabilizer 28 two sets of light
and the battery to the light here we have zoom
h4n one with such a windshield babes
there it cleans very well
wind noise is the only thing we are with us
Now we have a microphone in the car left
still use rode stereo mike here and
actually for sound recording use
this audio recorder
here we also have batteries for
cameras
lp 6 force them us very much very much
Further tamron 24 78 composition this have
for full cadre 6 just in case
always always that i don't happen
I drive a video camera like this
panasonic 41 size she is unhappy
it is necessary
here we have a mount for different ie
if we want to fix the color let's not
microphone on one platform here we have
mount such a tripod for gopro and
a set of different fasteners for all occasions
of life
this is what the equipment that us
need but really is still very very
a lot and so when there come here that we
ride here we have gopro battery
label them charged discharged and this
it is very important that the time of live shooting
they are
forget where infected where discharged
we have a great recording microphone here
interview remote for time-lapse shooting
if of course the wedding
allows us to take time
timelapse who can complain and so
here we have a battery just in case
block if we run out of our
numerous lp 6 we will
use penlight batteries
various batteries for remotes
light filters for light in warm and
with cold light it is here that we look
us in front
front end we even have
scripts for some filming set
all the necessary little things there everyones
rag handle this for twisting
tripods if they are rattled set
hex tools screwdrivers for
our st wilds and other mechanical
living things well, if suddenly something
get loose will be broken
change
also finger batteries
just in case , well, in general, there
medication if someone suddenly becomes
bad because shooting for us here
and the top of most need that is
need is a variable neutral filter
density polarik for general plans on
nature and memory cards but really
this is not all memory card there already
us yet
memory cards are already our technology
that's all
the weight is all of this thing here
gear is about 12
kilograms and here I am right now dude see
take show queen what did you understand here
Witek is a very big guy and such
here is a backpack ideally
if you have two operators is well that
just two people who shoot you
still need a third big score which
should wear this backpack like that
the amount of equipment we have with
yourself to every wedding so how are you
understand it all need to be able to
manage manage then perform
mounting with many cameras
of two arrow all 3 so the video shooting
can not be cheap but at the same time
you are convinced that in principle 1 rub
stabbing about the aroma 450w some
to put there everything you need for
shooting such a classic average
medium scale wedding
See us on Burma Lyre